
Attention! Do not modify any folder names in this compressed file! Otherwise it will damage your R3PRO device.


1. Carefully read "【02】Detailed description" to operate.

2. Open "【03】Instruction catalog" and double-click "r3pro.bat" to run the simulator.

3. Copy the song into the data\sys directory and scan the emulator to find the music file.

4. Click "System Settings" - "Theme Style" Select the theme on the right and click OK.

5. Modify the file:
  (1) Modify the image resource: double-click to run "resource directory.bat", modify and replace the corresponding image.
  (2) Modify the layout (coordinates, color, size) Double-click to run "Layout directory.bat" Modify to replace the corresponding layout.
  (3) Modify the font library Double-click to run the "font directory.bat" to modify and replace the corresponding font.

   Restart the program: After modifying the file, close the program (press the backspace key on the keyboard) and re-run r3pro.bat (some modifications do not need to restart the program).
  

   
6. Generate theme packages:
   (1) Open the "【04】Compressed theme pack" folder.
   (2) Please read the "Instruction" folder under "(1) Guide"
   (3) Open the "(02) Compressed theme pack" folder and double-click the "Theme compression pack.bat" compression theme package.

7. Run a homemade theme:
   (1) Put the generated *.t theme package under data\sys\theme\
   (2) Click "System Settings" - "Theme Style" - "Use External Theme", select the corresponding theme package.


8. The corresponding analog button on the keyboard:

 (1) Mouse click: Simulate a finger touch click.

 (2) Press the left mouse button and move the mouse to simulate a finger slide.

 (3) Physical button: PC analog button:

  Volume +            arrow keys →

  Volume -             arrow keys ←

  Usb insert:             F1

  Usb pull out:          F2

  Bluetooth input:     F3

  Bluetooth pull out:  F4

  Miscro Sd card1 insert:          F5

  Miscro Sd card1 pulls out:       F6

  Shutdown button Backspace      button ←


